sets up the modified view of ESTHETE. for a given actor, show the
actors co-occuring and the topics that are determined
use the MIT Timeline code, to set up the queried actors with the
times in the year 2000

The survey interface.
This is the main survey view given to the user. This in itself encapsulates
both the updated view of the timeline, shown to the user and the interface
controls on which the user can enter feedback. 
The work has 2 main components.
1. The browsing interface. Basically has the timeline, a filter on the
actors, topics, time. Given a suitable combination, what we show is topic-
aggregated actor interactions. i.e. for the given actor (one or more entity)
we query the topics relevant to them, and create tracks for each topic.
Inside a topic.
2. For the general survey feedback, we can put in basic options like
usefulness of various things, and have the main task put on top. Then the
user can navigate, get access to the articles mark as to be read later, etc

The user may either sending request for a new task or a new set of actors
within an ongoing task. We maintain a timer for every task session, and
update it accordingly. The user first selects a task. Accordingly, a set
defined actors/topics/articles/time-period is taken up specific to the 
question posed by the task. Now from among these, the user can keep 
selecting one or more, and then narrow his search. He can keep looking 
at articles, mark to be read later, etc. He can also indicate a time period
during which look. Given an (a,t) set, we query articles fitting in them, 
and then show an aggregation i.e. all actors in a topic together. 
Separately we have a list of actors, showing all the topics each occurs in.
And the reverse, i.e. all topics with the actors occuring in each & time period
There is a separate answer box
where the user can indicate that he has found the answer or has done 
enough research, and can end the session, and the timer stops. 
Everything from the user is logged, which sequence of actors he queried, 
which articles he looked at, etc.
